thanks for watching and don't think i
don't appreciate it i do
well thank you i want to begin the show
tonight with a bombshell that was
dropped this morning on bachelor nation
remember colton underwood the virgin
bachelor
well this morning he delivered what may
go down as the most shocking finale
in bachelor history i've ran for myself
for a long time i've hated myself for a
long time and
i'm gay okay well um
i am too i just was just waiting for
somebody else to say it
uh but wait a minute if you're gay why
are you in a house dating 25 women
that was the big question i guess was it
fair to those women who were all there
for the right reasons i'm sure
i mean does abc now owe them a do-over
could they sue and how does colton feel
about putting the lives of
so many dental hygienists on hold i just
i just wish i wouldn't have dragged
people into my own mess of figuring out
who i was
i i genuinely mean that
but i also at the same time like but i
can sit here and say i'm sorry to all of
those women i can also say thank you
because without them and without the
bachelor franchise
i don't know if i like this would have
ever came out well on behalf of all of
us here at abc you're welcome
we're glad to be of service but this is
i mean now we have to question
everything and it almost makes you
wonder
should marriage even be a game show
prize you know
and of course as is always the case when
something like this happens everybody's
like i knew it
i knew he was gay from the minute he
said he was a virgin
it's a weird thing to take a victory lap
for what is the fascination with
announcing i knew it when
someone comes out as gay what do you
think rupaul sends you a medal or
something
they don't and the truth is it doesn't
matter none of these relationships work
out anyway
gay colin could have been a mannequin at
a department store would have worked out
the same way
the first clue colton was gay should
have been that he watches the bachelor
that should have been you know everyone
says they
they knew but the only person who has
proof
is billy eichner who sensed it right
away the first thing i do
i'm gay i know that's a shock colton
that i think
you should look into maybe you're the
first gay bachelor and we don't even
know
i i put that in your promo
see you later
anyway you know what maybe uh we should
have billy eichner check all the
bachelors give them a once-over
there was evidence on social media too
uh like the time
colton tweeted this lyric from taylor
swift a friend to all is a friend to
none
taylor coming through with the hard
truths you know there are no absolutes
when it comes to sexual orientation
but quoting taylor swift is up there on
the list and
this should have been a hint too the
walk he took with heather
the beautiful 23 year old fashion
student who'd never been kissed
oh my gosh fire
the fire the stars the wave nothing
better nothing better than that
i was wondering that's how i was asking
i think it's boats i don't know
yeah somebody should go look at that
i'll go you stay here on the beach
i'm gonna it's like one you know it's
like it's like one of the ann hathaway
scenes in brokeback mountain
and even the most famous moment from
that season you remember this
[Music]
he just jumped the fence and now we know
why he jumped the fence be
from now on coming out will be referred
to as jumping the fence
i i only wish he the only
i wish he had announced this on the show
i mean like i'm sorry cassie the final
rose
goes to guillermo but yeah yeah
i'm happy for colton i'm glad he figured
this out i wish him well
and this is if you think about it this
is an important reminder to all of us
that the bachelor
is a huge waste of everyone's time just
huge
hey speaking of bachelors florida
congressman matt gates is having another
heck of a week
the odds of matt gates going to prison
are now higher than his hair
last night we learned from the new york
times that one of his associates told
prosecutors
among other things that gates had
encounters with women who were given
cash in exchange for sex which i think
is they call
that prostitution but then today there
were more revelations of
wild house parties with local republican
officials
they would have after parties following
official events with
drugs and sex and pita chips everything
and
this is a nice little detail the source
said gates like to talk to the women
who were hired to be at the party about
politics it's great
he's like the one guy at the bachelor
party who keeps telling the strippers
about his divorce
two women who said they were at the
parties told cnn
they saw gates taking pills they assumed
were party drugs
and he had sex with the women after
which money would change hands that's
crazy
has matt gates learned nothing from
donald trump you're supposed to have
your lawyer pay the women
after you have sex with them in secret
gates as a parent has repeatedly denied
the allegations but we dug up an
interesting line
from his speech in florida over the
weekend
look at this if you want something done
hire a woman
well that sounds like a confession to me
i don't know
gates's spokes boy harlan hill doubled
down on his defense of his bossy again
said matt gates has never paid for sex
this is harlan hill
do you think he even knows what sex is
yeah do you think he's and with all the
allegations and salacious details that
are out there this is the one
matt gates is pushing back on the
hardest cnn reported he was denied a
meeting
with donald trump at mar-a-lago and
maddie and fatty are both crying fake
news
a lawyer from team gates sent a letter
to cnn demanding they retract the story
and trump put out a statement saying cnn
made the whole thing up
it's completely false which i don't
believe for one second
matt gates hasn't reached out to meet
with donald trump the guy spent
years desperately trying to show
everyone how close they are look at all
these pictures
america's greatest president love this
president
this one i think is from the state of
the union he this guy he sees donald
trump he turns into a human selfie stick
here he is with the trumps of the world
series another from
that game here they are deep in
conversation here's matt looming in the
background at joint base andrews
selfie outside air force one now inside
air force one with the presidential seal
hanging with my squad on air force one
here he is photobombing someone else's
selfie with trump and that's not even
all of them all the guy does is brag
about his time with trump
which i guess explains why he'd be so
upset about the idea
of people thinking trump won't see him
maybe they'll share a cell together
wouldn't that be sweet
meanwhile even out of office trump still
doing damage to the country more than
120 million americans
have received at least one dose of the
vaccine but there's still a lot of
people
who are skeptical and won't get it
something like 40 percent of active
marines
refuse to get the vaccine so president
biden and his former boss obama are
teaming up
to try to convince those who are
hesitant joe and oh are scheduled to
appear
in an hour-long tv special on sunday
night it's called roll up your sleeve
it'll air live on nbc
and they have an all-star lineup matthew
mcconaughey billy crystal
lin manuel miranda dr fauci jane seymour
that's right when you want the country
to
take a health issue seriously hit him
with a dose of dr quinn medicine woman
but they're saying that if the ratings
for the special are good
nbc plans to roll out more viruses this
fall
poor donald trump all he ever wanted was
another show on nbc now joe biden has
one
in other dinosaur news um scientists in
china
they keep finding things they've
discovered what they believe to be the
oldest reptile with opposable thumbs
it's a flying creature
now known as monkey dactyl which sounds
like a word joe biden would use for
nonsense that's a bunch of
monkey dacho but it's not that's what it
you know that's the monkey i was hoping
it would look like flying monkeys but
they just look like little dinosaurs and
trump hats really they have
claws thumbs and a giant toothed beak
they're like the swiss army knife of
dinosaurs
they could kill a woolly mammoth and
open a bottle of michelob
ultra no problem you know there was a
notable celebrity death today
but not one that anyone seemed too sad
about bernie madoff
is now in hell um convincing satan to
empty his 401k
bernie madoff who it's still hard to
believe a guy who made off with all that
money
has the name made off but he died in
prison among the people he defrauded
during his life were steven spielberg
and kevin bacon which i think
technically qualifies him for the oscars
in memoriam montage
he swindled a lot of people including a
lot of famous people
basically if you're ever watching a
netflix movie and a very well respected
actor
has a three line role in it that's
because bernie madoff took all his money
earlier tonight cnbc ran an hour-long
documentary about
you know you're a piece of garbage when
a documentary about how awful you are
is all ready to go the minute you die i
didn't know this until today bernie's
scheme actually started in the 70s
he defrauded people for 40 years until
he was finally
turned in by his two sons you listening
donald trump
just something to file away
all right we have to take a break when
we come back we have something special
plan our pal
yaya is here if you know yaya you know
fun is about where's there's yaya
yaya is making his final appearance
on the show but before he goes
we're going to play tv's most confusing
game terry crews and corinne fox
will go head to yaya's head as we play
name that famous celebrity so don't run
off
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it
you will you hurt my feelings